# code

Information about files and folders in this directory:

## 3D\_schema\_cluster.png
3D plot created with matplotlib of the clusters generated by `schema_matching.py`. The number of clusters is user-specified within the script, and the clusters are projected into R^3 using multidimensional scaling. 

## dendr-o-gram.py
Dendrogram of the agglomerative hierarchical clustering used by `schema_matching.py` to create the clusters in the above plot. 

## dendrogram.py
A less fun but perhaps more useful name for the above plot. (so a copy, probably the newer one)

## generate\_token\_dict.py (REMOVED)
Arguments:
[1] = the path of the top-level directory of the dataset. 
[2] = the token length (UNUSED, USE ANY SMALL POSITIVE INTEGER LIKE 1). 

Contains code to generate n-grams from file-paths, but this is UNUSED. 

## plot\_dendrogram.py
Contains a single function to plot dendrogram using scipy from a sklearn model. No args. 

## print\_csvs.py 
Arguments: 
[1] = the path of the directory containing csvs files which we will read in. 

Prints all csvs in the specified directory to a single text file called `all_csvs_in_one_file.txt`. 

## schema\_matching.py
Is the bee's knees. 
Arguments:
[1] = the path of the top-level directory of the dataset. 
[2] = the location of existing converted csv files to read in, in the format `<path in dataset in path-in-filename format>.<orig extension>.csv.<integer starting from 0>`. Example: `|home|ljung|pub8|asdf.xls.csv.0`. 
[3] = location of dictionary that maps extensions ("csv") to lists of paths of files with that extension in the dataset. Should be in `.npy` format. 
[4] = whether or not to overwrite the distance matrix, 0 to use saved file if it exists, 1 to overwrite. 
[5] = same thing as above but for the clustering model fit thing. 

Creates dict that maps file path in path-in-filename format to the header of the csv file as a list of strings. Generates a distance matrix using Jaccard distance, and clusters using agglomerative hierarchical clustering. Plots the clusters in R^3. 
 
## txt\_cluster\_hists
Directory of histograms for text clusters. 

## all\_text\_clusters.txt
Clusters of all the text-like documents written to a `.txt` file. Contains info about most frequent tokens.  

## pdf\_clusters.txt 
The above, but only for pdfs. 

## txt\_clusters.txt
The above, but only for `.txt`s. 

## pdfs\_and\_txts\_clusters.png OR SIMILARLY NAMED FILES
Various plots in 3D of clusterings on all text-like documents. 

## pdf\_cluster.png
Projection of clustering on pdfs into R^3. 

## document\_clustering\_attempt2.py
Arguments:
[1] = number of clusters to generate. 
[2] = whether or not to retokenize and TF-IDF vectorize the documents, 0 or 1, 1 retokenizes. 
[3] = 

